# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - Jason L. Campbell

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on January 6, 2020.

## Log

### R1D1
Started learning Data Visualization with D3 on FreeCodeCamp. Completion at 69%.
https://www.freecodecamp.org/parsingjson

### R1D2
100% Completed Data Visualization with D3.
https://www.freecodecamp.org/parsingjson

### R1D3
100% Completed JSON APIs and Ajax. https://www.freecodecamp.org/parsingjson

### R1D4
Started on the D3 Bar Chart Project. Got the basic layout and title added.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/full/oNgqWWB

### R1D5
Continued working on the D3 Bar Chart. Fetched the data, added the axes with
scale, and started code for adding bars https://codepen.io/jsntime/full/oNgqWWB

### R1D6
Continued working on the D3 Bar Chart. Ran into bugs today and the chart
completely disappeared. Started over to debug, and determined the issue is
something to do with the yScale on the left axis.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/pen/YzPLJOZ

### R1D7
Continued working on the D3 Bar Chart. Found the issue with the chart
disappearing - nothing programmatically wrong, simply an extra '.' lingering in
the code. Chart now displays both axes and all bars without proper alignment.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/pen/YzPLJOZ

### R1D8
Continued working on the D3 Bar Chart. Didn't make much progress. Got stuck
trying to  get the bars in the rights spots and at the right heights.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/pen/YzPLJOZ

### R1D9
Continued working on the D3 Bar Chart. Properly aligned the bars with the axes.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/pen/YzPLJOZ

### R1D10
Completed D3 Bar Chart. Tooltip appears on mouseover but won't position
correctly. Something to take a look at for the future.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/pen/YzPLJOZ

### R1D11
Started D3 Scatter Plot. Added the title, fetched the data and the SVG for the
graph. The axes are both showing, but currently, only the x-axis is displaying
the correct range and tick marks for the years.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/full/xxbaLGg

### R1D12
Continued D3 Scatter Plot. Attempted to format the y-axis for time durations.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/full/xxbaLGg

### R1D13
Continued D3 Scatter Plot. Formatted the y-axis for time durations. Added the
circles for the dataset, however they are not visible yet due to issues with
plotting the 'cy'.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/full/xxbaLGg

### R1D14
Completed D3 Scatter Plot.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/full/xxbaLGg

### R1D15
Started on D3 Heat Map. Finished a good portion. Still working to properly align
the rects on the y-axis. Will then move on to coloring, legend, and tooltip.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/full/mdyQxWe


### R1D16
Continued D3 Heat Map. Properly aligned data and added coloring based on
temperature ranges. Also added the tooltip. Only missing the legend.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/full/mdyQxWe

### R1D17
Continued D3 Heat Map. Started over because I believe I found a better
way to create the chart that will allow me to create the legend with more ease.
The legend is still the last piece that needs to be added.
https://codepen.io/jsntime/full/mdyQxWe
